- Welcome to lesson one.
Now, this is very important
because this is going
to create the foundation
for the rest of what we do.
Many of you may have never
had a linear algebra course,
some of you have, but it's
been so long you forgot.
Don't worry, we're not
gonna overwhelm you,
you won't have to do mathematical proofs,
and we won't be giving you homework.
The idea is to give you fundamental,
basic linear algebra skills
so that later when we talk about things
like quantum gates, quantum
algorithms, quantum programming,
that you have the mathematical
skills to do that.
Now, don't be shy going
through this lesson.
You may need to pause, repeat, rewind,
and go over some things a few
times to really get them down,
but it's certainly something
all of you can learn.
It's relatively simple mathematics,
but it's essential for
understanding quantum computing.
So let's get started.